# TrafficControl
Traffic control It's a heavy traffic day and as a traffic sergeant you are responsible for regulating the traffic. The underground works are being carried for EB. Your duty is to redirect the vehicles heading to that repair zone. It is a one way route so it will be better if you redirect the vehicles in reverse direction before it gets messed up. To make the work quite simple start the work from the last vehicle entered into the route to redirect first. Print the order in which the vehicles are redirected. [Note: The stmt. 'Elements in the linked list are' should be in the main function.]  Define a structure struct vehicle { int vehicle_number; struct vehicle* next_vehicle ; } ;  Include functions: void append ( struct node **, int ) ; void display ( struct node * ) ; void reverse (struct node **);  reverse --- to reverse the vehicles in the route for redirecting it    Input and Output Format:  Refer sample input and output for formatting specifications.   [All text in bold corresponds to input and the rest corresponds to output.]   Sample Input and Output 1: 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 2 Route is clear 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 2 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 1 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 4 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 6 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 7 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 2 The vehicles in the route are 2 1 4 6 7 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 3 The vehicles in the route after redirecting 7 6 4 1 2 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 4 Task accomplished  Sample Input and Output 2: 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 3 There are no vehicle to redirect 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 2 Route is clear 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 3 There are no vehicle to redirect 1.Insert 2.Display Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 4 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 1 Enter the vehicle number 2 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 3 The vehicles in the route after redirecting 2 4 1.Insert 2.Display 3.Reverse 4.Exit Enter your choice : 4 Task accomplished
